[Music]
Hi there I'm Charles Martin and I'm the
lecturer for COMP2300/6300 Computer
Organization and Program Execution here
at the ANU. This course is about learning
how your computer actually works,
we'll look at the different parts of a
CPU, how they fit together, and how the
high level programs that you might write
in other courses get turned into
instructions that the CPU can actually
execute. I just want to welcome everyone
to this course whether you're here on
ANU campus or whether you can't be with
us this semester, you're all very welcome.
Most of the content for COMP2300/6300
is already online on our website and you
can check it out. Now one of the really
exciting things about this course is
that everyone will get one of these
this is a microbit and it's a tiny
computer which fits in your pocket. It's
got a little CPU which you can use in
your labs and assignments to understand
how the CPU in your laptop or desktop
computer actually works.
A lot of this course looks like this
you'll be writing programs in assembly
that means you'll be directly
controlling what the CPU on your microbit
is doing. We'll be looking at how
high-level programming concepts from C
Java or Python might get transformed
into assembly instructions that your
computer can run. You'll learn some
fundamentals about operating systems and
networks and how they relate to your
computer's hardware. Finally a theme of
this course is that the assignments are
about making expressive and creative
programs for your microbit the
microbit has buttons, it has LED lights, it has
a speaker, and you can use it to create a
sound and light show or an interactive
toy. This course is a lot of fun and I
think you're really going to enjoy it.
See you in week one!
[Music]